Feature: Orchestrator docs (#2479)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 09.Add-ons/05.Orchestrator/docs.md

For all states, the arguments look like this:

```
./update-interface <State> <Work Dir> <Component Type> <Component ID> [<Custom arguments>]
```

`State` - the current state in the state machine as defined by the Orchestrator

<!--AUTOVERSION: "mendersoftware/mender/blob/%"/mender-->
`Work Dir` - the working directory for the interface. It follows the same structure and guarantees defined for the [Update modules protocol](https://github.com/mendersoftware/mender/blob/master/Documentation/update-modules-v3-file-api.md#file-api).
When using packed Artifacts and "files tree", the Artifact will be at the path `files/artifact.mender`.

`Component Type` - the type of the component instance

`Component Id` - a unique ID of the component instance

```
components:
  - component_type: gateway   # This is the component type
    id: G13                   # This is the component ID
```

`Custom arguments` - a list of customizable list of arguments as defined in the updatable component instance.

```
components:
  - component_type: gateway
    id: G13
    args:
      - arg1  # These are the custom arguments
      - arg2
      - arg3
```

> ### The Orchestrator bundle
> 
> For the Orchestrator to be able to update the system, the Manifest and the artifacts for the system components need to be accessible.
> Those two things (Manifest + artifact) are called the Orchestrator bundle.
> 
> The Orchestrator is agnostic about the way the bundle is delivered to it.
> For the default case, the Mender client (in daemon mode, communicating with the Mender server) is used to deploy the bundle to the device so that the Orchestrator can act on it.
> 
> It is also possible to just pass a Manifest file without the artifacts.
> In that case, nothing is 'bundled', and the Manifest is the sole input.
> The Orchestrator pulls the needed artifacts from the server on its own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manifests and artifacts

For the Orchestrator to be able to update the system, it needs both Manifest and the artifacts for the system components.

The Orchestrator is agnostic about the way it gets the required content.

For the default case, the Mender client (in daemon mode, communicating with the Mender server) will download the manifest as part of an update and the Orchstrator will pull the artifacts it needs based on the manifest.

However it is also possible to just deliver both the manifest and artifacts to the Orchestrator in other ways (i.e. an USB stick) and have the system update happen unrelated to the server.
```

The bundle was a thing when we only had the offline flow.
But I don't see at as a concept to highlight that deserves its own term.
